What has been done?
Explored different NLTK processing techniques on the given dataset using the packages learned in nltk chapters.
1. Counting vocabulary, lexical diversity, Operations on different datatypes and basics statistics
	i.   Vocabulary count and lexical diversity count of the text  (Nilesh)
        ii.  Frequency Distribution to count the unigrams (Nilesh)
        iii. Counting the number of times digits used in the text (Nilesh)
        iv.  Converting tokens into lowercase for proper counting (Nilesh)
        v.   Counting number of words with different length (Nilesh)
        vi.  Average word length of text (Nilesh)
2. Word n-gram and Character n-gram Manipulation, Tokenisation and file management
	i. Reading of given datasets in JSONL file and appropriate conversion into other datatypes(Smruti)
 	ii.  Tokenize the text (Nilesh)
 	iii. Using biagram and trigram to count number of word bigram and trigram. (Nilesh)
	iv.Making character n-gram from raw text and counting them using Frequency Distribution (Nilesh)
3. Application of different possible Regular Expression and Normalisation text 
        i.  Counting the punctuation marks (Nilesh)
4. All possible operation using text data type, Comparative wordlists, and Exploring different functions in wordnet package
	i.  Performing operations like Lexical diversity on the text data type, (Rohan) 
	ii. Exploring comparative wordlists in case of future requirement according to our need. (Rohan)
	iii.Finding the most common words and the unusual words  from the text to have a statistical figure of it. (Rohan) 
5. Explore different types of functions and exploring different libraries.
i. Making use of structured programming so that the programs are readable for every	 team members. (Rohan)
ii. Working on Structured programming includes operators, sequences, operating on sequence types, working on functions(input and output), Parameter Passing, Checking Parameter types.(Rohan)
iii. Exploring libraries in python like matplotlib. (Rohan)  
6. Exploring different types of taggers and Combining taggers to be operated on texts
	i. Basic data processing on the text like finding concordance and similarity of words,collocation list(Smruti), 
	ii. frequency distribution and conditional frequency distribution of words and tags and plotting of graphs(Smruti)
	iii. Usage of default dictionary for assigning unknown tags(Smruti)
	iv. Creating sentences from text and applying taggers to it(Smruti)
	v.  Evaluation of Regex tagger, Lookup tagger, n gram taggers and Combining taggers(Smruti)
2. Created user stories, sprint and tasks in git


What will be done?
1. Extracting features for different tasks to be used in the algorithm 
2. Generation and modification algorithm based on Dissimilarity Measure
3. Evaluation of different features and their performance on given PAN20 dataset

Open questions?
1. How to upload the dataset as it is about 2.2 GB as the dataset is large?
2. Should we put the sprints and tasks in intermediate report?
